** Emotions --> Appraisal (judgement +ve/-ve) --> body reaction --> response
  - response can be to suppress body reaction; judge emotion differently; or change the situation
** Negativity Bias
** Positive Offset (more positivity in ones life than negativity but it gets ignored, as the fish doesn't see the water)
** Positive Emotions
** Positive emotions are triggered by our interpretations of our current circumstances, 
  whereas pleasure is what we get when we give the body what it needs right now. 
  If you’re thirsty, water tastes really good; if you’re cold, it feels good to wrap your coat around you. 
  Pleasures tell us what the body needs. 
  Positive emotions tell us not just what the body needs but what we need mentally and emotionally 
  and what our future selves might need. 
  They help us broaden our minds and our outlook and build our resources down the road. 
  I call it the “broaden-and-build” effect.
** Winter: What are some ways to increase one’s positivity?
  Fredrickson: One way is to be aware of the present moment, because, again, most moments are positive. 
  We miss many opportunities to experience positive emotions now by thinking too much about the past or worrying about 
  the future, rather than being open to what is.
  Another way is to pay attention to human kindness — not only what others have done for you, which helps unlock feelings 
  of gratitude, but also what you can do for other people, how you can make somebody’s day. We found that even just paying 
  attention to when you are kind — not necessarily increasing how often you’re kind, but just paying attention to the times 
  when you are — can make you more positive.
  Another simple technique is going outside in good weather. One of my former students, Matt Keller, who’s now on the 
  faculty at the University of Colorado at Boulder, found that people who spend even just thirty minutes outside when 
  the weather is good show an improvement in their mood.
  There are more-involved ways to increase your positive emotions, such as to practice either mindfulness meditation or 
  lovingkindness meditation. You can also rearrange your life around your strengths. Ask yourself: Am I really doing what 
  I do best? Being employed in a job that uses your skills is a great source of enduring positive emotions.
** Prioritize positivity
** While living your life as usual, take the Positivity Self Test nightly, across 3 consecutive evenings. 
  After 3 days, compute your average positivity ratio. Before the 4th day, identify 1 or 2 practices that might reduce 
  negativity in your daily life, as well as 1 or 2 practices that might augment positivity. Perhaps you could dispute your 
  own negative thinking when it crops up. Or perhaps you could practice being more open, or more forgiving. Maybe you can 
  spend more time in nature, or socializing. Or start a new ritual for expressing gratitude. Whatever you come up with, for 
  the next 3 days, implement these new practices in your daily life and continue to take the Positivity Self-Test nightly. 
  At the end of 6 days, compute your average positivity ratio for the most recent 3 days. Now reflect on the process. 
  Did you see any changes in your positivity ratio? Speculate on why or why not. Which of the practices that you tried 
  might be worth sticking to as a new ratio-raising habit?

